Now it's time to have some real fun.
We've been similar user bookmarking process that is use at bookmarking a particular item will be writing
code that touches most of the classes we wrote so far and this simulation.
Each user will be associated with five random bookmarks only user may get associated with duplicate
bookmarks.
But let's not worry about duplications for now.
We will first write a new class code view within com not semantics.
We're not really a package in a real world application.
Dishcloths would correspond to the user interface and that's the reason why we would call this class
as a view.
So the class what similar UI actions taken by a single user that is each method in this class would
correspond to one or more actions that a single user takes within the web browser.
Examples would be a particular user bookmarking few items or an editor marking one or more bookmarks
as kid friendly under Methot in this class would be invoked from the launch class.
So let's get started now and create the Buca us
.
So that's the class in your package.
And first let's create since this is about bookmarking let's create the method called bookmark or block
.
Let's keep all the methods static.
And since this is about a user bookmarking some bookmarks.
So one of the parameters would be user.
And let's just a humor that the user is presented with all the bookmarks in the system and the user
then looks at all those bookmarks and selects five of them.
OK.
But we will be doing it randomly right now.
So that's the bookmark signature.
So let's just import here
now this motard will be invoked from the launch class.
So here let's call this as dark bookmarking So we are just launching the process.
So that's the simulation part of simulation and let's create this matter
Sculpey this over
here.
And so that's the second step.
Right.
The first step is loaded data.
So let's just go with this
and that's him bookmarking.
And from here we will invoke the bookmark method and we will have to do that for all of the users so
the users are maintained and this data structure users we know that.
So let's just iterate over all the users and invoke the method and the view class so to users.
And from here we're going to call view door mark and we're going to pass this user and the bookmarks
.
So that's about start bookmarking matter.
So let's go back here and further this method.
So first let's print who the user is who's who who is the user.
So in a controlled space the new line here can make use of the e-mail motard here
and we can say these bookmarking So this will show up in the output.
Now each user bookmarks five of them five bookmarks and so we can see why less than five.
But indeed a store class we have this method called user bookmarklet which means that a user can bookmark
at most five of them.
So we have this thing here but we need to make it public because it's private and so it's inaccessible
outside that will actually make all of these public
disclose this.
So let's see
so the user is browsing through all the book marks no user selects.
Max FEIBEL Max.
OK so first thing is we need to randomly select five off them and five off 15 bookmarks because there
are three more pipes on each of them have five.
So we need to randomly select one of the bookmarks from here.
So let's we need to randomly select the index.
So we need to indexes your first to get the type.
And second to get the particular bookmark within a particular type.
So first one we call it just type offset.
So we are.
So it's Carlist type offset.
So that way we are going to get one of the bookmark apps and the second one within that particular type
.
We want to select a particular bookmark so we see its bookmark offset.
Now you randomly select We can use the math function here.
So in some mad dog around them which would read return a value between 0 and 1.
So anywhere from zero to point nine now.
So there are three of them.
So or of three we need to get one random value.
So it's a data store dot.
We have more types.
So which is three.
OK so let's just go ahead.
We need to call done I guess here and let's do the same thing here.
And this value will be five you because each type has five round the variables five random bookmarks
bookmarks.
And it could be bookmarks count bar type.
So this is disvalue is fine.
So now we how the nexus we just need to select the bookmark now.
So really when said more marks and the first one is type of said and this is a nice book mark offset
.
So sick so we how randomly selected one and next thing we need to do is so the.
So in real world a user has randomly selected a bookmark and he's going to say Rick and once he's said
that information will be passed to the backend server and it will reset the controller and from the
controller to agree we passed to the book to the service on and so on.
So we need to send this to the controller and we still haven't written any controllers.
So that's right a controller that's introduced a controller now.
So let's create a package for controllers
let's call it as
semantic.
square dot or rollers
and within the controllers.
Let's introduce one called bookmark controller
also controller will be a singleton even framework's NBC even spring for example if you pick up spring
spring has a MVC framework and it has controllers in the framework and all the controllers over there
are also by default singleton.
So lets be consistent with that.
And let's create a single controller.
So for that we need to have a private constructor we know that.
OK.
Now we also need to create
a variable that would hold the instance psycho-BS static
instance.
OK.
Now we need to provide a public global access point.
So it will be static Skop is here see your instance.
So thats the controller related code and we need to
know that.
Also this and car create a method called Save user bookwork because its a user's bookmark and that's
past user and the bookmark that was randomly selected.
But since we don't have that method there will be using the suggestion here not a creation tradition
.
So that's what we have now so the control is in control now.
And from the controller we need to invoke the manager so manager as the service layer part of service
.
And it has a real business logic.
So yes.
And let's go into the same user bookmark.
So same signature as this particular matter and user
bookmark.
So this matter is also not there.
So we're going to auto created now.
So we have this now within bookmark manager.
So we need Guerard the real business logic right.
And if you recall we already have this matter on this entity called user bookmark so it maintains the
association between a user and bookmarks so we're going to instantiate that
gay and user bookmark has a second method called user.
So I'm going to use that and new user bookmark also has a certain method for bookmarks so you are also
using that.
And from here we need to pass this particular object to doll.
So we have the bookmark doll and this class.
Here are the top bookmark down.
So we are just going to pass it to a new method called C..
Bookmark
Missee user bookmark.
But it will accept this parameter called user bookmark.
So that's the entity.
So let's just use auto create feature once again and discreate has created this method.
Now from here the dollar typically we have some SU l r r r which Q R in higher which is a query language
for hibernate.
So one of those queries to insert into the database.
So since we don't have that we need to use this data storage right and we can either create a new method
call add and we can pass this thing with matter use or bookmark.
So it's like adding to the database inserting in the database.
So and since it's not there.
Once again let's go ahead and nicely auto created.
Now this value will be added can be stored.
And this are they do this optical use or bookmarks but we need to slow the user a particular user will
be will be bookmarking bookmarks and other users will also be bookmarking bookmarks in a similar way
.
So we need to have an index on that index needs to be incremented right with each added bookmark.
So if you need an index over there.
So let's just create an index.
It's a great read static and since it's a bookmark index it's going to just bookmark and next and it's
initialized with zero.
Now let's go back to the matter and let's see user marks and bookmark next.
Now you add this value here user bookmarks are not stored but many do also increment bookmark index
so that it's ready for the next bookmark.
OK so that's all there is to this.
So from controller you're passing to manager from Manager we are passing it or door from door we're
passing it.
We are inserting it in the database now and the view.
Let's actually print this matter let's have six out.
Sorry controlled space and that's read this bookmark which means this user is printing this bookmark
and launches here that sort of code and you line statement here.
So that's it I guess let's just go ahead and run this program launch.
And there you go.
So you have this.
So this is the loading data step.
We have already seen that.
So this is the bookmarking step and user Zillah's bookmarking here.
So these are the firewall marks that are randomly associated assigned to this user.
And here is a rambling book about blink blink blink.
And this is where the second user.
And third for first users.
So that's about it and everything is done randomly.
So if we run this again you'll see that it's a different output because of the randomization that we
are using.
So this time it's two more weeks two books and one movie for the first user.
So that's the thing.
So that's some good functionality that we want.
I hope you implemented it with me in parallel.
If not please go ahead and do it as soon as you get a chance.
OK.
OK then see you in the next lesson and we will continue extending the project.